1. If you feel a pull to do something, just start doing it and the purpose will reveal itself later.

2. The best way to win an argument is to drop the argument and do something kind towards the other person. Yes, really.

3. Default to "yes" more often than you say "no". A lot of unexpected amazingness emerges.

4. You don't need to believe in miracles or the hard-to-imagine being possible. Just take the steps that might make it possible.

5. If you don't notice the subtle signs the universe -- aka the world, people around you, your inner voice -- sends your way, it will speak louder. That might hurt in the short-term, but later you'll recognize it as an act of kindness.

6. Spend more time with people who make your insides feel warmer.

7. It's OK to feel like everything is awful as long as you don't forget everything that's amazing.

8. It's an incredible gift to be able to help someone, even if it's just one person.

9. "Once you make a decision, the universe conspires to make it happen." Ralf Waldo Emerson

10. The magic is in the doing. Start doing.

11. You can be grateful even when life sucks. Even within disappointment, pain or difficulty, you can find something to be grateful for, like learning something new, being stronger than you thought you were, or being able to help someone else.

12. When you're filled with self-doubt, the best thing to do is to focus your attention on someone you care about or a cause that gives you a sense of meaning. When you refocus on yourself, you'll have more clarity and perspective.

13. Self compassion is the furthest away from self-pity. It's not a weakness. It is an act of courage to treat yourself with kindness even amidst challenge or failure.

14. Sometimes you just have to step away from it all and paint. Or cook. Or sing. Or run outside in the rain. Or take a drive with your windows down and music blaring way too loud.

15. Blast your stress with kindness. The best remedy for feeling overwhelmed, stressed, or anxious is to do as many kind things as possible towards others. Try it.

16. When you change, some people will joyfully come along with you, but others won't be able to let go of their story of you. That's OK and it's also OK to miss them.

17. One of the hardest things to know is whether mounting obstacles mean you should work harder and keep going or recognize that it's time to change directions. Keep paying attention; eventually you'll know.

18. When someone you care comes to you with a problem, the best way to fix it might be to not fix it at all but just be there and allow yourself to feel what you feel.

19. Don't try to be fearless. If you're human, you'll have fear. Accept your fear, ask yourself why you're afraid, and remind yourself about your love, commitment, dedication, and passion for what you're doing.

20. Say thank you to people who have impacted your life positively, even in tiny ways. Don't assume they know or that they don't need to hear it from you.

21. One of the biggest gifts we can give to people we love is to listen to them without judgment or expectation (and without checking our phones as they talk).

22. When in doubt or facing a huge challenge, ask yourself WHY you're on this path. Then hold on to your WHY as you keep going.

23. You can't give what you don't have. Take care of you, your insides and outsides, and commit to self-care as a practice that's necessary to you and people you care about. Oh, and quit feeling guilty about it.

24. It takes very little effort to be just a little kinder, but few things have such a huge impact.

25. Give yourself permission to feel good. You don't need to earn the right to feel joy and there isn't a "joy authority" out there, with a checklist of what you must do before you can feel happier. You're enough, right now, just as you are.

26. "When the student is ready, the teacher will appear." Buddha

27. This is supposed to be hard -- living, being, creating, discovering, evolving. We're supposed to feel disappointed and triumphant, sad and joyful, challenged and at ease.

28. When you create -- paintings, projects, meals, songs, ideas -- your job is to keep working, keep creating, keep improving your craft. The job of judging, of liking or disliking what you create is not yours; it's for those who experience your creations. So do the work and detach from the outcome.

29. It's OK to walk away sometimes. Not everything is supposed to work out.

30. Kindness is a practice. You get better the more you do it. Don't beat yourself up if sometimes it doesn't come easily. Just keep practicing.

31. The purpose of a lot of your work, your effort, and your creations, may be to lead you to your best work, your best creations. Even disappointing efforts have a purpose.

32. Greet people you love as if their arrival is the best thing that happened to you all day: Smile, say "hi", look them in the eyes, give them a hug (unless they are in the no-hug-teenage zone). It might be the best thing they experience all day.

33. If you're stuck, take a step, any step. It doesn't need to have a direction or be the most perfect optimal step in the right direction. Once you move some energy inside and out, you'll see what your next step should be.

34. Share your struggles. It's not easy, but it will help you feel less alone and you might be able to offer hope to someone who really needs it.

35. Write thank you notes by hand. Send and bring small, unexpected gifts. Sprinkle joy as often as you possibly can.

36. "Great things are done by a series of small things." Vincent Van Gogh

37. Take a few minutes every day to be still and silent, to just allow the day to settle in. You don't have to close your eyes; just be there and receive the events, emotions, and ideas of the day.

38. You absolutely should drive out of your way for your favorite latte, sunset view, or person. Invest in and cherish the experiences that bring you joy.

39. At any moment, you can see beauty, create beauty, or share beauty.

40. "If you powerfully believe in the value of what you offer the world, your love and passion for it will become an unstoppable force." Rod Stryker

41. It's OK to not always be OK. Allow yourself to feel all of your emotions, including the sad, difficult, painful ones, without judgment or pressure to feel or not feel a certain way. The distance between how you feel and how you decide you should feel is the valley of suffering you create. Instead, treat yourself with self-compassion, accept that what you feel is what you feel, and you'll notice the intensity of the difficult feelings ease up. From that place of acceptance you'll have a much better chance to see more clearly what you might do and practice to feel better.

Thank you for existing.

2. You make me see the world in a way no one else ever has.


3. I love the way you make me think.

4. I appreciate the way you challenge me.

5. Around you, I’m the best possible version of myself.

6. Your energy is infectious.

7. I can’t stop thinking about you.

8. I love you so much it hurts.


9. You are my world.

10. When we’re together, everything seems possible.

11. I can’t do life without you.

12. I don’t want to be anywhere you can’t be.

13. You’re my constant reminder that people can be good.

14. There’s a softness behind your eyes.


15. Your laugh is my favorite sound.

16. The world would be so boring without you.

17. Are you for real?

18. How did I get so lucky?

19. You make the little things feel big.

20. Loving you feels like the most natural thing.


21. You impress me every single day.

22. Your capacity for kindness is boundless.

23. When we’re together, the rest of the world melts away.

24. I wish I were half the human you are.

25. I didn’t know what love was until I met you.

26. I didn’t know how important friendship was until we met.


27. It would be torture to lose you.

28. My life before you was utter dullness.

29. There’s no one like you.


30. Hugging you is the only comfort I need.

31. You’re not as dumb as you let people think you are.


32. You’re an amazing mother.

33. You’re beautiful.

34. Your soul is gorgeous.

35. I love your brain.

36. I love how weird you are.

37. You’re more of a superhero than any Marvel character out there.


38. You inspire me.

39. You are so strong.

40. [prolonged pause] Sorry you’d think I’d never seen a woman before.

41. Your voice soothes me.

42. Your existence makes me feel better about life.

43. The very idea of you makes me smile inside.


44. I’ve never met a person as [insert hyperbolic adjective] as you are.

45. Mating with you would be a smart evolutionary play.

46. Some people are radiators—they make you feel warm when you’re around them.

47. I’ve never met anyone as caring as you.

48. No one else can make me laugh like you do.

49. You have such a good heart.


50. You have great [insert random body part].

51. You are truly unforgettable.

52. You are way too smart for me.

53. Wow. You.

54. You make monogamy seem easy.

55. Knowing you makes me a happier person.

56. You make me feel whole.

57. I had no idea what life could be until we met.

58. Please never stop being you.

59. You make me want to be a better person.

60. You have [insert expert in person’s chosen field] possibilities.

61. I never saw the point of taking pictures until I met you. I want to keep our memories alive forever.

62. I think you’re the only person I could ever talk about this with openly.



63. Whenever I have a tough day, I remember you and it gives me strength and hope.”

64. You are beautiful inside and out.

65. You are my favorite [insert random skill].

66. I love your [insert funny body part, like pinky toes.

67. You’re the light of my life.

68. You are so special to me.

69. I didn’t know what true love was before you.

70. I find myself smiling so much more, now that we’re together.

71. You make me believe in goodness.

72. Your touch is so healing.

73. Your very presence is reassuring

74. You are a life elixir.

75. Things shift when you enter the room.

76. When I see you, everything else within the frame falls away.

77. When you’re around, I don’t need anything else.

78. You make me forget the bad parts of my day.



79. Within seconds of talking to you, I feel better.

80. With you, I’m at peace.

81. You are light.

82. You have such a generous spirt.

83. How did you learn to be so good?

84. Your heart must be ten times the average size.

85. It’s as if you never learned to be bitter.

86. I want to grow into a person like you.

87. I want to grow up to be just like you.

88. I’ve never met a person quite like you.

89. Your parents must be so proud.

90. There should be a monument of you.

91. I will never forget the way you make me feel.

92. You are just beyond.

93. I can’t quite fathom a world with you.

94. You are awesomeness personified.

95. There’s nothing I’d rather do than spend time with you.

96. The very thought of you makes me feel warm and fuzzy.



97. You changed everything for me.

98. I don’t know what I’d do without you. Actually.

99. You’re my reason.

100. Is there a day you haven’t made better?

101. Thank you.

1. I wish I knew more people like you, you really have the ability to make people around you happy.

2. You are such a joy to be around because you always make me laugh and look at things from a different perspective.

3. You always make my day better when I am feeling down.

4. You make everyone feel so welcome, I don't think you have ever met a stranger.

5. You are so easy to be around and you always have something interesting to talk about.
6. Your confidence is refreshing, and there is no question as to why you are so self-assured.

7. You have such charisma that is clearly inspiring to the people with whom you interact.

8. You are a loyal friend and I know I can come to you with any issues that I have without facing any judgment.

9. It is always refreshing to be around you because of your authenticity and dedication to your values.

10. Your positive attitude and healthy lifestyle are an inspiration.

11. You bring out the best in people and show people how to live with courage.

12. I strive to be as outgoing as you are and display the amount of independence that you do every day.

13. You can always find the right words to say, even when everything is going wrong.

14. People who meet you instantly respect you because of your ability to be authoritative yet gentle, and self-confident yet modest.

15. You carry yourself with a lot of maturity during times where others revert to youthful behavior.

16. Your presence commands attention and respect, no matter how large the crowd is.

17. You are always so interesting to talk to. Your ideas and perceptions of things are unlike anything that would occur to me on my own.

18. You set the right example for those coming after you and it is clear to see that you take responsibility for your position of a role model.

19. You are so helpful to those who are in need, even when you feel like you have very little to offer.

20. I admire your patience and ability to remain calm during times of distress.

21. I appreciate how much you show you care about other people.

22. You always lift my mood with your positive energy and willingness to look for the silver lining in situations that are less than ideal.

23. You have a heart of gold that benefits so many people in your life.

24. Your thoughts and ideas are so creative, which has allowed you to refine your talent into something unique from others.

25. You can accomplish anything that you put your mind to.
26. I admire your ability to ___________.

27. Everything you do is with excellence.

28. You are such a talented leader whom many want to follow and emulate.

29. You are a muse for me and so many others.

30. Other people, including myself, aspire to be like you one day.

31. All of your practice really shows in your work.

32. Your expertise in your craft resonates with me, and I want to learn from you.

33. Your years of hard work are truly paying off.

34. You do life so effortlessly.

35. Your dedication to your craft is inspiring.



36. You are incomparable to other people with similar goals. You blow the competition out of the water.

37. You should be proud of yourself for refining your craft as much as you have. It is truly inspirational.

38. You may think like no one's watching, but everyone's watching because you're an amazing person!

39. You have the best new ideas that make your specific craft a step above your competition.

40. You are the most incredible when you're not afraid to be yourself.


41. You're more amazing than you will ever realize.

42. You are one of a kind and it continues to impress me.

43. You know that we are friends, but I want you to know that I’m also a huge fan of your work.

44. You are unbelievable. I can’t wait to see what you will be coming up with this time next year.

45. The confidence that you have in your craft if motivating,

44. You were born a natural.

45. You set a great example for people who want to be as successful as you are in your job.

46. Your work is inspiring both to those who have come before you and to people who will be following in your footsteps.


47. You are astoundingly gorgeous when you wake up in the morning.

48. Your eyes are so warm and welcoming.

49. You look like you spend all of your time in the gym!

50. You're not wearing any makeup? Wow, you are flawless.
51. You light up a room when you walk in, and people definitely notice.

52. Your hairstyle frames your face perfectly.

53. Your face brightens up when you laugh and it spreads joy to those around you.

54. Your style is impeccable.

55. That color is perfect on you.

56. You make that outfit look amazing, not many people could pull that off like you do!
57. You have a spring in your step today that is brightening up my day.

58. Can you teach me how to do my job like you do?

59. You look very happy and your energy is contagious.

60. You weren’t kidding when you said you were hitting the gym!

61. I always get lost in your eyes.

62. Your inside is even more beautiful than your outside.

63. You exude confidence which really makes you beautiful.

64. You are radiant.

65. There’s a beautiful softness behind your eyes.

66. Has anyone ever told you that you have outstanding posture?

67. You are glowing.

68. You always make ordinary things look great.

69. Your smile is infectious.


70. You have a good head on your shoulders and you never forget to use it.

71. Your intelligence and curiosity inspire me.

72. Your brain works in incredible ways.

73. I always learn so many interesting and thought-provoking things from you.

74. You seem to really know who you are.

75. I truly respect and value your thoughts and ideas.

76. You always come up with the best solutions in a short amount of time.

77. Your way of thinking is so much different from other people's, and it is refreshing.

78. I can’t get over how wise you are — your wisdom in everything amazes me.

79. You seem to figure things out right away without struggling to find the right answer.

80. I could not have come up with the answer without you.

81. I feel like you know something about everything.

82. You always provide valuable insight into other people.

83. You have a knack for kindly challenging people's opinions with another point of view.

84. You are so resourceful.

85. I like being on a team with someone who is as perceptive as you.

86. People find your innovative thinking so inspiring.

87. You are such a great teacher.

88. I wish I could figure things out as quickly and accurately as you do.

89. Your company is so lucky to have you as an employee. I'm sure they value you far more than you realize.

90. You have a lot of knowledge to offer other people.

91. I appreciate your ability to see both the big picture and the small details.

92. When you are given a complex problem, you have the rare ability to find a simple solution.

93. I know I will learn a lot from you, both personally and professionally.

94. Your capabilities seem endless.

95. You are a really good problem-solver.
96. Your intelligence motivates others to learn.

97. That was a tough problem to solve. I like how you experimented with a few approaches before settling on one.

98. You are the most reflective learner I know.

99. You should share that idea with the boss. He would appreciate learning from you.

100. I wouldn’t have thought of that approach. You are great at thinking outside of the box.

101. I always turn to you when I'm unsure about something and you always have great insight or advice to help me through.

102. Your understanding and philosophical pursuit of the bigger picture is fascinating.

103. You’re my constant reminder of how just how clever some people can be.
104. I am proud of how far you have come in your journey.

105. Look at how much your time and dedication paid off.

106. You should be so proud that you have achieved something that very few people are ever able to do.

107. You worked really hard on that and it certainly was worth the time and energy in the end.

108. You impress me every single day with your ability to go the extra mile.

109. How did you learn to be so good? I've never seen someone make something look so easy.

110. Your parents must be so proud that you have come this far. They did an amazing job of instilling the power of hard work in you.

111. You're accomplishing so much. Every day you evolve into a better person than who you were the day before.

112. When you have a goal, you allow nothing to stand in your way. Your dedication and ability to see things through to the end is inspiring.

113. I hope to be where you are in five years.

114. Your commitment to your work has really paid off. Your achievements are commendable.

115. Congratulations, very few people are able to do what you have done, especially with such ease and poise.

116. You’re an expert at what you do, and people trust you because of it. I’m so impressed.

117. There should be a monument of you considering everything that you have accomplished.

118. When you make up your mind about something, nothing stands in your way. I admire your ability to see obstacles as learning experiences.

119. You never cease to amaze me. Every time I think you have done it all, you do something else outstanding.